Summary:
QiDAO Treasury is holding an estimated $150K in non-mai stablecoins and about $700K in ETH that currently serve little purpose. Those tokens could instead be utilized to strengthen MAI’s peg, increase QiDAO protocol revenues, and provide returns for QiDAO’s aveQi Investors. 

Abstract:
Consolidate floating ETH and Stables into revenue optimized LPs with MAI and Qi.

Motivation:
Increase QiDAO protocol revenues while strengthening MAIs peg and increasing the value of QI automatically over time. 

Rationale:
Tokens sitting in the Treasury creates no benefits. 

Deploying stables to MAI-USDC LP strengthens MAI’s peg and allows QiDAO Treasury to compound more veAERO emissions into buying MAI off the open market and adds additional POL liquidity for MAI. 

Deploying a properly configured MAI-ETH UNI V3 LP with concentrated liquidity management will generate a high amount of compounded swap fees while adding significant ongoing buying pressure for MAI. 

Deploying a MAI-QI Volatile AMM on base will route significant arbitrage swap volume from ETH to QI to MAI to USDC and back.

Diverting a portion of ve-aero emissions to MAI-QI LP would add value to both tokens and allow the QiDAO Treasury to claim the majority of emissions directed this way.

A UNIV3 Qi-WETH LP using a well configured Steer Concentrated LP management Vault could drive upwards of 50% APR with minimal impermanent loss.

Technical Specifications:
Migrate undeployed ETH and Stables to Base. Convert least desirable Treasury tokens into Qi until the Treasury holds at least $350K Qi.

Deposit Stables with MAI into the Beefy vault for MAI-USDC Aerodrome LP.

Deposit up to $500K in ETH into a single sided UNIV3 LP with MAI as the asking token, with 1% fee and managed by a Steer Vault.

Deposit $100K in Qi with $100K in WETH in UNIV3 LP with 0.3% fee and managed by Steer. Configured with a 25% range on either side and set to rebalancing after going 80% off center.

Deposit $300k in QI and 100K MAI a concentrated LP w/1% fee and a long QI range that allows QI to 22x before ranging out.

 




